lib: location: wifi and cellular: systime to location_datetime (#7097)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Fixed an issue where downloads of COAP URIs would fail when they contained multiple path elements.

Modem libraries
---------------

* Updated:

  * :ref:`lib_location`:

>     * Current system time is filled to ``location_datetime`` of location request response with Wi-Fi and Cellular methods at point of time when scanning or neighbor measurements were done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Current system time is attached to the ``location_datetime`` parameter of the location request response with Wi-Fi and cellular methods.
     The timestamp comes from the moment of scanning or neighbor measurements.
```

Author: nks! Changed accordingly.
